Add initial content to the Sphinx Doc (#59)
alpaka-group/vikunja: docs/source/development/docs.rst

Documentation
=============

> Vikunja uses two tools to create documentation: `Sphinx Doc <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/>`_ and `Doxygen <https://www.doxygen.nl/index.html>`_. Sphinx is used to write this general documentation and Doxygen enables the documentation of the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vikunja uses two tools to create documentation: `Sphinx Doc <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/>`_ and `Doxygen <https://www.doxygen.nl/index.html>`_. Sphinx is used to write this general documentation and Doxygen generates the API documentation.
```
